
I am working as a senior software engineer at HP where I have been developing security products using core java for last 4 years. 

I finished my Bachelors back in India with electronics as major. During that time java started picking up and so was interested learning java on my own with that I got into a start up  as a java developer where I picked up quite a lot of stuffs. 

Then wanted to get exposure to larger corporations and so moved to Gtech where I worked on front end development for some time, full stack for some time and now as a back end developer. I was leading a team of 3-7 back in Apple and Thomson but primarily in technical side doing design, coding.


Outside of work I participate in.. 

Solving problems in slacks/hackerrank/geeksofgeeks
building prototypes with new technologies
Attending SVCC events
Attending java conferences/meetups
Participating in hacker contest

I am looking for something new and your company caught up my eye. I’ve always loved to work in the product that has direct impact on with user.   









—————————————————

In my 12 yrs of experience predominently in java/J2EE, I had lots of opportunities working in wide range of technologies like Core Java, XML, Web services, Struts, JSP, EJB's.

and different domains like networking, financial and now in retail Apple POS. 

In Apple POS I work in iphone team involved in iphone/ipad workflow for POS where in I was working in a project called Starferry where we  delivered a POS to HKG Apple store. This was within 1 month from the date I joined and I was leading that. We finally delivered it on time. I would say it as a big accomplishment for the reason that it was delivered in short duration being new to project and it was of good quality that there was not even a single prod ticket in iphone module.



My primary strength is my quick learning ability..
One of my key strength is attention to detail when am set up to work on a task to a project I always make sure it is done on time.  I also have experience Working under pressure and multi tasking  in Apple where we  have multiple deliverables simultaneusly for different GEO which we handle.  
Many times I was leading a team of around 7-10 people delivering quality product on time. Never missed a deliverable. 




With whatever experience I carry, I am sure I can definitely make a good contribution and create a positive impact on the product 


Why joining Arcsight
You are the leader in providing security solutions to organizations and your products and services you provide to customers are quite impressive.  The companies growth is consistent in last 5 years. Looking at all these I believe that this is the right place for me to grow
 
I always wanted to work in cutting edge products and I couldn't due to some recent personal development. 

My long term goal is to become an architect for which I need to be product specialist. I believe Arcsight will provide me such opportuniy in that line.



Arcsight might have had their own product strategy, how has it evolved after the aquisition?


how are we promoting our product with respect to our Competitors NEtforenssics and Intellitactics (SIEM)

what's the organization plan for next 5 years

what's the typical career path for someone who has been in this position

Has the aquisition had any impact on our customers?


user forums, profit/revenue


check glassdoor for linked in interview questions
can schedule interview in 2 months from now which will be end of june
6 hr onsite interview with 3 hr technical and 3 hr soft skills




